and good hello to all
today we find ourselves for this
new strategic favorite a little
special devoted to oopa unleashed yes
we will not talk about them or not normal because
this thing is useless we will talk
from them or not unleash the master of
dimensions and space time there this
pokemon of a little bit a dia the guy
is a pale who at the same time is a
little short chelou then this type pokémon
was holding dropsy so already it's a guy
who offensively and not too badly
unfortunately defensively it's a
not very weak, but he has a lot
of rather interesting statistics these
basic stats are pretty correct very
correct offensively even a speed
of 80 can be pretty cool it happens
to overtake until ithrane crowd speed
he reaches 284 maximum speedo so
it's not too bad here it's
yahia little nothings stone frankly
there's worse and his attac stats are
much bigger shit and 160 to 170
it's way too much in both
stadium attack blow show on
this sheet we will talk about 2.7 so we
going to talk about this set has it there you
see on the screen so c-17 mix is so
basically I thought, well, we're going
start with something like this because
that it is true that we have no return
on this pokemon not a lot of people
speaks in
to make sets on it is enough
complicated considering we can play when custom
games / showdown so I thought
will leave on its so quite a thing mix
then help 252 attack because I
thought it was the smallest
for there to be more power on
his speed signature attack 236
it is to overtake until ithrane
crowd speed and 20 da tax is it's
for the rest is provided that he is
unique is all the ubs is a little
attacked and nature in a hurry that's how
his defense is ridiculous as much
lower it even more it will serve us
not anyway the orbi object that I
find the most interesting object on
this pokemon given that as it mx
is already the time of life and the best
object for crisis objects could
to be interesting about him but there for the
shot I preferred during life
with 280 speed it is enough
fast for break some pokémons of
the un who are who are very present and
So here we go, we have to attack
perspective fury so I caught myself
all his name in French I'm sorry
I could not find it
I could have looked a little better I
know but hey it's a little bit
feigning brief hyperspace fury in
English who in his signature attack
dark type without power
explore what so there to touch who
catch up with some steels especially
this is the combat bow combo that is
always so shit and do derbal in
grass
why no grass was for especially
so he ecosphere I preferred the
pcaa carnot derby to hip hop dan a
fool life so that's pretty good so
that at wimbledon it allows you to type
some bulky water from the style to the barrel
of the Hanafi star style to what waters
that's the kind of thing is any
way not in pros volume that is small pot
that he is not afraid of no grass will
oil anyway joint break
space fury so that's it's not
really problem and sorting canon in
last move simply because
iphone tricks physical attacks of
little poisons and that it is perfect for
farting the ferries because yes the ferries that
we shit his record and especially the
combat bow combo that is way too much
smoked so this is basically this set and mx
help
it's interesting enough because this
who hands over touched a lot of
world he really has a type coverage
to his excellent tremendous power
either axp his attack are just
colossal so it really helps
to make big potatoes with this pokémon
exploit force from what you're doing
muscular role 85% it seems to me you
the layers a ferry anyway and do not
grass little ko
hyponnen so that's really really
stylish so that's it so it's a little
set
in the beginning I was gone on that and then I
discovered something even better I
want to say unfortunately there is
not his signature attack that's why
that it had been followed for yeah that's
some years I played or not without
his signature attack is not hype
anyway but hey we do not care we're
there to make the strain is not
to play hit hype this is the
second set that I had thought knows
simply full attack spe
nasty pelota so exploit machination
dark free forces and sai shock then
to explain a little bit the
this machination or just there
to boost the tax p2 or not that is
already colossal 170 more during life that
gives even more power to explore
obscure for the combat bow combo and
unfortunately for the ferry by
example if the key men queues stop
arias and all that kind of pokemon I'm
I'm told that's a shame I wanted
well put him some sort of canon in move
but I told myself he's good he learns that
it shocks me it's stable and more
allows us this allows in addition to +22 to
hk to the lucky man so I said good
well, we're going to go on that so I know
really not if it's the best thing 6
and 1 the one that will really be used
to small or not but as I go
I am told we will make suspicions I
frozen was testing in castle games you will see
matches like I told you and
frankly this set really pleased me
machination three attacks this country whose
one that relies on the physical
plus it allows not from the
lowering the defense through nature
shy so I thought good why
not so more we can increase the
defense of it or not and withstand a few
price attacks on the physical I got
says oh never know why not that can
always be stylish so here I am
party on these two sets the first mix
help and the second full attack this
pelota penalty
so I'm not I have not tried this
physical crowd because good I have not
found some pretty cool stuff because
good one thing that can see there the
attacks that must be touched the types
sitting had fire point he had run for
break in combat attack there are some
pokemon who suddenly full physical does not
then could no longer touched whose cube
red I told myself yeah it's not
it's not that crazy
the mix helps and the flat tax peace are
really nice so that's okay listen I
leave you on these two little ones
wholesale plugs to summarize I can say
that or not really going to be a pokemon
who will be able this tie-break enormously
he will be very present I think at the top
a pole and not to the hype at the beginning so
necessarily it will be played everywhere but
will see if he will stay at the will not pass or
he says who will go to the mores I
am not sure honestly i'm not
sure because they will certainly it is very
powerful but really has a
cardboard defense and a speed that
allow to stay correct that's it
not a speed without facilities do not
would it be that at speed sambath already
he was already starting a little bit too much
smoked the thing but that's okay
it's just right I find it
is really really good and hautmont
pressure we'll see it's just that
suspicions
I think he will stay with him in
the top
him in any case really stylish like
pokemon very very powerful and so that's it
August break and I leave you on this
only in comments
what do you think of this pokemon of
how will you play it there is
really actually what's good with this
podium this can really play in
full of this word already in my pocket
have not yet tested in thing because this
payx or binder he can really I think
and I sleep a lot of this test which
will you make him a pokemon hard enough to
predict so potentially
potentially very very powerful
so that's listening to me and as I
did you say go do not hesitate to post
comments
how will you play or not me
tell you next and on those
worn or rizhao